
#Types of Processes in Linux
In Linux processes can be of two types:

##Foreground Processes
-depend on the user for input
-also referred to as interactive processes

##Background Processes
-run independently of the user
-referred to as non-interactive or automatic processes
Process States in Linux
A process in Linux can go through different states after it’s created and before it’s terminated. These states are:

Running

Sleeping

Interruptible sleep
Uninterruptible sleep
Stopped

##Zombie

-A process in running state means that it is running or it’s ready to run.

-The process is in a sleeping state when it is waiting for a resource to be available.

-A process in Interruptible sleep will wakeup to handle signals, whereas a process in Uninterruptible sleep will not.

-A process enters a stopped state when it receives a stop signal.

-Zombie state is when a process is dead but the entry for the process is still present in the table.

#What are Linux signals?
-A signal is an event generated by the UNIX and Linux systems in response to some condition. Upon receipt of a signal, a process may take action. 
-A signal is just like an interrupt; when it is generated at the user level, a call is made to the kernel of the OS, which then acts accordingly.

##There are two types of signals:

-Maskable: signals which can be changed or ignored by the user (e.g., Ctrl+C).
-Non-Maskable: signals which cannot be changed or ignored by the user. These typically occur when the user is signaled for non-recoverable hardware errors.
